well now I feel hot like under pressure
well you don't have to feel under
pressure kid oh sorry that's not good
and by the way it is an audio as well so
it's listening to every word we make I
can only see your hands so don't worry
about how pretty your beautiful face is
I wasn't yeah well that's okay all I can
see is those pretty little fingers you
okay
that one's really hard it probably will
work out okay in the center but we'll
find out just get just get strong thumbs
you'll be fine
that's all right that's all we got left
let's downside of waiting until we had
it figured out before I started filming
oh that's okay that's just my phone
answering machine this is more important
to me that's okay we can do those I
don't know what we can do with those oh
yeah you could use you could try using
them right at the top and see if it
looks crazy
like when you're about to finish okay
he's going up a little crazy but I'm
sorry this can't be helped
ah hey how does not that big yep
yes they are you can do this point well
that wasn't the prettiest no but it's as
we always say perfectly adequate thank
you that will give